## Barriers Breakking Barriers ##

When the Prime Minister announced to the nation that the beaches along with the coastal areas would be re-opened for public use on Monday 26th, October, 2020. After much deliberation it seemed that the Prime Minister's Shirt was a true representaiton of the mood and sentiment echoed by the population. A much welcomed announcement which the population received positively. 

Having said all of that, such seemingly auspicious occassion could not be passed up in an effort to gain much needed traction for the ongoing push for the sustainable development goals to be realised or even slowly but surely inserting it into the public's mindset and way of doing things. 

With the global pandemic still very much part and parcel of how we do things both locally and internationally, Tobago being the smaller of the two islands would be breathing a sigh of releif at the idea of returning to the beaches so we thought......Hey! Why not use the chance to 'rope in' people into the ideology of people needing people and by extension people helping people. What would planet earth and humanity as we know it do without partnerships? Sounds like an obvious question with obvious answers. 

Needless to say we pressed on with an initiative that would see a barrier being launched as a clear demarking feature at the Mt Irvine Bay in Tobago for boat users, fisherfolk, and jet ski users. This would also benefit the beachgoers and public that use the general beach space for recreational purposes inclusive of swimming and snorkeling etc. 

What a better way to celebrate? The spirit of volunteerism at its best. This barrier was also recycled material being used for productive and aesthetic purposes. Imagine that! 
A celebreation of the beach and it's beauty, the bringing together of people to assist and launch this through the spearheading efforts of an NGO, and businesses getting involved. Not to mention bystanders getting involved and chipping in to lend a hand. A fitting scenario for a re-opening of what the public saw as a space of liberation and freedom. 

Brilliant it would seem right? In a perfect world it would sound like some sort of utopian occurence or something out of a television commercial. The reality remains that a strong argument is in place for the SDG agenda to be seen as a noteworthy template for finding something resembling this utopian paradise that we find so illusive. 

Further to that who wouldn't want to bring people together for the greater good and causes of humanity? I would assert that the environment and the earth would be smiling at us humans and saying, yes..... You are now begining to think correctly and with purpose. 

